Link to non-deprecated client library (#219)
solid/solid-spec: README.md

its main server implementation.

**Client App Implementations:** See

> [`solid-auth-client`](https://github.com/solid/solid-auth-client) for the main client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`solid-client-authn-js`](https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-authn-js) for the main client
```
